TypeScript version of webserver example for language parity (#937)
pulumi/examples: README.md

[Twitter](aws-ts-twitter-athena) | Query Twitter every 2 minutes, store the results in S3, and set up an Athena table and query.
[URL Shortener](aws-ts-url-shortener-cache-http) | Create a serverless URL shortener that uses high-level components.
[Voting App](aws-ts-voting-app) | Create a simple voting app using Redis and Python Flask.

> [Web Server](aws-ts-webserver) | Deploy an EC2 Virtual machine running a Python web server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Web Server](aws-ts-webserver) | Deploy an EC2 Virtual machine using TypeScript to run a Python web server.
```

Reviewer: Not sure if the suggestion above is necessary, but given we're mixing languages, it might be useful to clarify.
